todo.md, before:

add optimistic update and loading state to docspanel its take 2 minutes if I rename the file name or create new doc or canvas to showup in the docs panel it must be quick even before the api call is done like the like button on social media it should be quick and optimistic update

and if you are adding signin then redirect after login using the url format http://localhost:3000/handler/sign-in?after_auth_return_to=%2F


add embed feature easy simple and working

fast optimistic data showing in canvas and document while navigating between files using docs panel


count views for each file in the docs panel and the project page





r2 ui like aws ui


branwash ai instead of finetune ai


use copy paste method instead of adding image to canvas for openmoji and pexels


https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/api/utils

https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/api/children-components/live-collaboration-trigger

edit  canvas with excalidraw css search for the documentation


add image upload support to docs



---


Add organisations and teams feature like notion with the best ui ux 

---

add emoji support feature fetch https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/data/openmoji.json this will give you all the emojis and their names and keywords in formate = 

[
{
"emoji"
:
"😀",
"hexcode"
:
"1F600",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face",
"tags"
:
"cheerful, cheery, face, grin, grinning, happy, laugh, nice, smile, smiling, teeth",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"smile, happy",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
1,
"order"
:
1
},
{
"emoji"
:
"😃",
"hexcode"
:
"1F603",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face with big eyes",
"tags"
:
"awesome, big, eyes, face, grin, grinning, happy, mouth, open, smile, smiling, teeth, yay",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"eyes, teeth",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
0.6,
"order"
:
2
},
{
"emoji"
:
"😄",
"hexcode"
:
"1F604",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face with smiling eyes",
"tags"
:
"eye, eyes, face, grin, grinning, happy, laugh, lol, mouth, open, smile, smiling",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"happy, teeth",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
0.6,
"order"
:
3
},
{.....

and impliment emoji search and picker like slack and notion and add it to the canvas and document editor like if the hex code is 1F600 then the url will be https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/color/svg/1F600.svg and https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/black/svg/1F600.svg (for dark mode) so you can use next/image for it and add a search bar to search emojis by their name and keywords and show them in a grid view with infinite scroll and on click of any emoji it should be added to the canvas or document at the cursor position

you are free to use context7 mcp to get docs of excualidraw and platejs for document editor

---


Add a prd generator feature in canvas using ai like you give a prompt and it generates a prd template for you in the canvas using text boxes and shapes and lines and you can edit it further
see the docs for excalidraw and platejs for using context7
summary - add ai diagram generator feature in canvas using openai and excalidraw api like erasor.io 
---

make the library feature work in the workspace canvas fetch https://libraries.excalidraw.com/libraries.json
 and show the libraries in the library panel and on click of any library it should load the library in the canvas and you can use the search bar to search for libraries by their name and tags and show them in a grid view with infinite scroll



 ---
 
 add <Expand animateOnHover />
// Or use with the AnimateIcon component
<AnimateIcon animateOnHover>
  <Expand />
</AnimateIcon>

---

Commit message:

feat: add Copy icon to features section and update LANDING_CONTENT
fix: implement onChange handler in PlateDocumentEditor for unsaved changes tracking

style: adjust padding in WorkspaceSidebar file list for better spacing

feat: add new feature for copying diagrams from erasor.io in LANDING_CONTENT

docs: add CHANGELOG, CONTRIBUTING, IMPLEMENTATION, LICENSE, QUICKSTART, and SECURITY documents for project guidelines and information

todo.md, after:

add optimistic update and loading state to docspanel its take 2 minutes if I rename the file name or create new doc or canvas to showup in the docs panel it must be quick even before the api call is done like the like button on social media it should be quick and optimistic update

<!-- and if you are adding signin then redirect after login using the url format http://localhost:3000/handler/sign-in?after_auth_return_to=%2F -->


add embed feature easy simple and working

fast optimistic data showing in canvas and document while navigating between files using docs panel


count views for each file in the docs panel and the project page





r2 ui like aws ui


branwash ai instead of finetune ai


use copy paste method instead of adding image to canvas for openmoji and pexels


https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/api/utils

https://docs.excalidraw.com/docs/@excalidraw/excalidraw/api/children-components/live-collaboration-trigger

edit  canvas with excalidraw css search for the documentation


add image upload support to docs



---


Add organisations and teams feature like notion with the best ui ux 

---

add emoji support feature fetch https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/data/openmoji.json this will give you all the emojis and their names and keywords in formate = 

[
{
"emoji"
:
"😀",
"hexcode"
:
"1F600",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face",
"tags"
:
"cheerful, cheery, face, grin, grinning, happy, laugh, nice, smile, smiling, teeth",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"smile, happy",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
1,
"order"
:
1
},
{
"emoji"
:
"😃",
"hexcode"
:
"1F603",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face with big eyes",
"tags"
:
"awesome, big, eyes, face, grin, grinning, happy, mouth, open, smile, smiling, teeth, yay",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"eyes, teeth",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
0.6,
"order"
:
2
},
{
"emoji"
:
"😄",
"hexcode"
:
"1F604",
"group"
:
"smileys-emotion",
"subgroups"
:
"face-smiling",
"annotation"
:
"grinning face with smiling eyes",
"tags"
:
"eye, eyes, face, grin, grinning, happy, laugh, lol, mouth, open, smile, smiling",
"openmoji_tags"
:
"happy, teeth",
"openmoji_author"
:
"Emily Jäger",
"openmoji_date"
:
"2018-04-18",
"skintone"
:
"",
"skintone_combination"
:
"",
"skintone_base_emoji"
:
"",
"skintone_base_hexcode"
:
"",
"unicode"
:
0.6,
"order"
:
3
},
{.....

and impliment emoji search and picker like slack and notion and add it to the canvas and document editor like if the hex code is 1F600 then the url will be https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/color/svg/1F600.svg and https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/hfg-gmuend/openmoji@master/black/svg/1F600.svg (for dark mode) so you can use next/image for it and add a search bar to search emojis by their name and keywords and show them in a grid view with infinite scroll and on click of any emoji it should be added to the canvas or document at the cursor position

you are free to use context7 mcp to get docs of excualidraw and platejs for document editor

---


Add a prd generator feature in canvas using ai like you give a prompt and it generates a prd template for you in the canvas using text boxes and shapes and lines and you can edit it further
see the docs for excalidraw and platejs for using context7
summary - add ai diagram generator feature in canvas using openai and excalidraw api like erasor.io 
---

make the library feature work in the workspace canvas fetch https://libraries.excalidraw.com/libraries.json
 and show the libraries in the library panel and on click of any library it should load the library in the canvas and you can use the search bar to search for libraries by their name and tags and show them in a grid view with infinite scroll



 ---
 
 add <Expand animateOnHover />
// Or use with the AnimateIcon component
<AnimateIcon animateOnHover>
  <Expand />
</AnimateIcon>

---

Whenever I do full screen or exit full screen the canvas or document should not reload and loose the unsaved changes


---

Add organisations and teams feature like notion with the best ui ux
